README.rst, before:

ArchiCOW
========

Backup system supporting copy-on-write storage.

Development status: **Pre-Alpha**


Locations
---------

**ArchiCOW packages** are available from Cheese shop (PyPI) at
https://pypi.python.org/pypi/archicow

**Documentation** is available online at http://pythonhosted.org/archicow/

The `project page <https://github.com/beli-sk/archicow>`_ is hosted on Github.

If you've never worked with *git* or contributed to a project on Github,
there is a `quick start guide <https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo>`_.

If you find something wrong or know of a missing feature, please
`create an issue <https://github.com/beli-sk/archicow/issues>`_ on the project
page. If you find that inconvenient or have some security concerns, you could
also drop me a line at <devel@beli.sk>.


License
-------

Copyright 2014 Michal Belica <devel@beli.sk>

::

    ArchiCOW is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.
    
    ArchiCOW is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.
    
    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with ArchiCOW.  If not, see < http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ >.

A copy of the license can be found in the ``LICENSE`` file in the
distribution.

Commit message:

Migration to Python 3, version bump to 0.0.1.dev2

README.rst, after:

ArchiCOW
========

Backup system supporting copy-on-write storage.

Development status: **Pre-Alpha**

**NOTE:** ArchiCOW requires Python 3.1 or later. Tested with Python 3.4.


Locations
---------

**ArchiCOW packages** are available from Cheese shop (PyPI) at
https://pypi.python.org/pypi/archicow

**Documentation** is available online at http://pythonhosted.org/archicow/

The `project page <https://github.com/beli-sk/archicow>`_ is hosted on Github.

If you've never worked with *git* or contributed to a project on Github,
there is a `quick start guide <https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo>`_.

If you find something wrong or know of a missing feature, please
`create an issue <https://github.com/beli-sk/archicow/issues>`_ on the project
page. If you find that inconvenient or have some security concerns, you could
also drop me a line at <devel@beli.sk>.


License
-------

Copyright 2014 Michal Belica <devel@beli.sk>

::

    ArchiCOW is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.
    
    ArchiCOW is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.
    
    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with ArchiCOW.  If not, see < http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ >.

A copy of the license can be found in the ``LICENSE`` file in the
distribution.
